# simulate-recover
The purpose of the simulate-and-recover procedure was to assess the accuracy of the EZ Diffusion Model's estimation of its three main parameters: boundary separation (α), drift rate (v) and non-decision time (τ). The primary objective of this procedure was to see whether squared error (variability in estimates), or bias (the gap between true and estimated values), decreased with increasing sample size, indicating more accurate estimations. The findings are consistent with the statistical behavior as expected: squared errors and bias decreases as N increases. This pattern shows that the more data that is available, the more accurate the EZ Diffusion model can recover parameters. Bias decreases as sample size (N) increases because more data points enable more precise parameter estimation, which results in a more stable and impartial portrayal of the underlying decision-making process. 

Even though the code for the EZ Diffusion Model ran successfully, the code for the test cases failed to run. To combat this in the future, more thorough edge case testing, such as testing with extremely short time steps or extreme sample sizes, can be added to the test case file to make sure the model handles all tests successfully. Additionally, checking for accurate outputs and handling errors would further cover the bases by making sure that the codes handles unexpected behavior or incorrect input.

Overall, there are numerous benefits to using the EZ Diffusion model in cognitive research. First, it offers a strong guideline for simulating decision making, revealing how people interpret data and make decisions when faced with ambiguity. Because the model is simple and adaptive, it can be used for a variety of cognitive tasks such as accuracy and reaction time, which helps researchers in understanding the speed and quality of decision making. 
